hi folks I'm Bob Moore founder of Bob's
Red Mill natural foods I'm here with
Matthew Cox our director of marketing to
tell you about one of our most popular
products Bob's Red Mill old
country-style muesli many years ago my
wife Charlie and I stayed at a beautiful
bed-and-breakfast in the Scottish
countryside one morning our hostess
served us the most amazing service it
was full of raw green nuts seeds and
dried fruit this was my first contact
with the traditional European cereal
known as music and Charlie and I just
could not get enough of it in fact we
enjoyed it so much that we were inspired
with the idea to make our own version of
this nutritious cereal and when we came
back from our trip we did just that we
started with the combination of five
flavorful rolled grains oats wheat
barley rye and triticale then we added
sweet dates and raisins from California
crunchy sunflower seeds almond slices
and walnut pieces finally for an extra
boost of nutrition we topped it off with
a good
handful of flaxseed meal which is full
fiber and omega-3 fatty acids and chewed
up Bob's Red Mill old country muesli
well Bob here's a little bit of news ly
history you see was invented over a
century ago by a Swiss doctor named
Maximilian Bircher Benner he was way
ahead of his time when it came to
understanding the health benefits of
whole grains he made all his patients
eat muesli every day and they loved it
the traditional Swiss way to eat muesli
just mix it up with yogurt and enjoy the
combination of whole grain fiber in the
muesli and live cultures in the yogurt
is the perfect pairing of pre and
probiotics that makes the beneficial
bacteria in your gut thrive which helps
your immune system be healthy and strong
and it certainly helps body parts
usually soak in yogurt is delicious but
I like it best as a hot cereal cooked on
the stove like oatmeal there are really
so many ways to enjoy this fabulous
elixir of life hot or cold
even baked into cookies one of the
beautiful things about our music and
it's a little-known fact is that all the
grains are lightly steamed before their
roll so they've already been cooked just
a little bit and can be eaten right out
of the bag
just like now Bob's Red Mill old country
style muesli is actually one of our most
popular items nowadays there are so many
cereals out there that are chock full of
added sweeteners artificial flavors and
other junk but obviously goes against
that trend it has a short list of whole
food whole grain ingredients and all the
sweetness comes from the
natural sugars in the dried fruit I
think that's why your muesli has become
a favorite for so many it's just a
simple wholesome cereal to taste good
book for Bob's Red Mill old
country-style muesli wherever you shop
at your favorite supermarket natural
food store Costco and online at amazon
vitacost or on our website Bob's Red
Mill comm from all of us at Bob's Red
Mill the our good health